Remove comparison of Z-offset with offset: "use" (#38706)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/temporal/zoneddatetime/index.md

- `prefer`
  - : Use the offset if it's valid, otherwise calculate the offset from the time zone identifier. This is the default for {{jsxref("Temporal/ZonedDateTime/with", "Temporal.ZonedDateTime.prototype.with()")}} (see the method for more details). This is different from `ignore` because in the case of local time ambiguity, the offset is used to resolve it rather than the `disambiguation` option.

> Note that the `Z` offset does not mean `+00:00`; it is always considered valid regardless of the time zone. The time is interpreted as a UTC time, and the time zone identifier is then used to convert it to local time.

Reviewer: If we're changing this text, it may make sense to add a bit more clarification. It's also OK to leave as-is. Your choice.

```suggestion
Note that the `offset` option is ignored when a `Z` offset is present in the input string.
When a `Z` offset is used, no ambiguity is possible because RFC 9557 [defines](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9557.html#name-update-to-rfc-3339) the `Z` offset as meaning "the time in UTC is known, but the offset to local time is unknown."
```

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the `Z` offset does not mean `+00:00`. The `Z` offsets means "the time in UTC is known, but the offset to local time is unknown", as per [RFC 9557](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9557.html#name-update-to-rfc-3339), which means the `offset` option is ignored and the time zone ID is always used to derive an offset. On the other hand, the `+00:00` offset is interpreted as a local time offset that happens to match UTC, and is validated against the time zone ID.
```

Reviewer: Love it!  Good edit.
